Huggingface part1 (#1047)
mosaicml/composer: docs/source/composer_model.rst

   loss and accuracy metric.
-  :class:`.TIMM` - creates classification models from the popular `TIMM`_
   library.

> -  :class:`.HuggingFaceModel` - converts a 🤗 `Transformers`_ model into a :class:`.ComposerModel`.
> 

Reviewer: nitpick: can we say "wraps" in a ComposerModel, or "creates a ComposerModel from a"? "Converts" sounds to me like the transformer model itself is being altered, maybe in some magical way I don't understand.

```suggestion
-  :class:`.HuggingFaceModel` - :class:`.ComposerModel` wrapper for a 🤗 `Transformers`_ model.

```

    from torchmetrics import Accuracy
    from torchmetrics.collections import MetricCollection

>     from composer.models.huggingface import HuggingFaceModel
>     from composer.metrics.nlp import LanguageCrossEntropy

Reviewer: (shorter/recommended imports)
```suggestion
    from composer.models import HuggingFaceModel
    from composer.metrics import LanguageCrossEntropy
```

    # huggingface model
    model = AutoModelForSequenceClassification.from_pretrained(
                            'bert-base-uncased',

>                              num_labels=num_labels

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
                             num_labels=num_labels)
```
Missing a closing parenthesis
Also, should we define `num_labels` somewhere? Maybe just as an example that it should be an integer.

    # list of torchmetrics

>     metrics = [LanguageCrossEntropy(vocab_size=tokenizer.vocab_size), Accuracy()]

Reviewer: `tokenizer` isn't defined (which could be okay, but we should be explicit about this so user don't spend time searching for it in the rest of the code like I just did). I would vote for a working code though.

Author: agreed, will change all examples to be working, minimal examples.
